content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
---

## Sumary
---

> I’m an open source enthusiast with more than 20 years of experience working with Linux. In the last years I have been focusing on Kubernetes, Cloud Computing (AWS, GCP, Azure), DevOps, MLOps (DevOps for Artificial Intelligence) and SecDevOps. Also I'm  coding a bit with Golang.
>
> In this blog I will publish technical articles regarding Open Source, Linux, Kubernetes, Cloud Computing, Edge, DevOps, MLOps, SecDevOps, GitOps.. whatever OPS! ;p
>

## Experience
---

### Red Hat
> ##### Senior Software Engineer (August 2021 - Currently)Full Remote Madrid (SPAIN)
>
> Helping some partners to adapt their Telco 5G solution to run on top of OpenShift and working on run OpenShift at edge.

### Intelygenz S.A.  
> ##### DevOps for A.I. (June 2018 - July 2021) Madrid (SPAIN)
>
> Intelygenz started an area of A.I. and they needed someone to help with
> the infrastructure in order to allow the Data Scientists training the
> models and also run them in production. I used all my knowledge related
> to automate tasks and manage workload with containers on top of
> Kubernetes. In this period I have learned to configure the NVIDIA GPUs
> for AI training, understand the culture of MLOps and code a bit in
> Golang,
> 
> ##### DevOps Lead (November 2015 - June 2018) Austin TX (U.S.) and Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I moved to the U.S. (Austin, TX) for a year. The most significant project
> was to start from scratch a 100% online bank for small business. Where I
> walked my first steps with Kubernetes, microservices and SRE culture.
> 
> ##### Cloud Computing Manager (August 2013 - November 2015) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> Working at BBVA (spanish bank) as a contractor. The most important
> work there was the deployment of an OpenStack based private cloud.
> Moreover I was involved in a PoC of a 100% cloud based bank.

### Optize Bureau Info S.A. 
> ##### IT Responsible (2004 - August 2013) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I was responsible for the IT infrastructure in the company and the
> manager of the support for the rest of employees. The stack on these
> days was MS Active Directory, MS Exchange, Asterisk PBX, SAP on top of
> HPUX with persistence on Oracle. All the online servers were Apache
> and JBOSS running on Linux and MS SQL Server.

### IP Soluciones S.A. - IT Deusto 
> ##### Security Consultant (2001 - 2004) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I was part of the operation team, and my principal functions were to
> deploy firewalls, mail relays anti spam, vpns infrastructures, etc. Mostly
> we installed CheckPoint Firewall1, WatchGuard, Cisco routers and Linux
> based solutions for security compliance.

### IP6 Seguridad 
> ##### Operator (2000 - 2001) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> My first job as an IT professional. Here I worked with Linux, Cisco
> routers, Solaris, etc.

## Certifications
---
* **CKS** Certified Kubernetes Security (2022)
* **CKA** Certified Kubernetes Administrator (2019)
* **ACSAA** AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate (2017)
* **VCP5** VMware Certified Professional en version 5.0 (2013)
* **ACTC** Apple Certified Technical Coordinator MacOSX 10.7 Lion (2012)
* **ITIL V3** ITIL V3 Foundations (2011)
* **NETASQ**NETASQ Administrator Version 8.0 (2010)

## Education
---

* **Higher Technical Certificate in Electronic Products Development** 
> (1997 - 1999) At High School Salvador Ayende, Fuenlabrada, MADRID (Spain)

* **BUP, COU (old spanish system)** 
> (1992 - 1997) At High School La Serna, Fuenlabrada, MADRID (Spain)

Commit message:

add more content to the post and update cv

content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
---

## Sumary
---

> I’m an open source enthusiast with more than 20 years of experience working with Linux. In the last years I have been focusing on Kubernetes, Cloud Computing (AWS, GCP, Azure), DevOps, MLOps (DevOps for Artificial Intelligence) and SecDevOps. Also I'm  coding a bit with Golang.
>
> In this blog I will publish technical articles regarding Open Source, Linux, Kubernetes, Cloud Computing, Edge, DevOps, MLOps, SecDevOps, GitOps.. whatever OPS!! All the content and opinions in here are my own.


## Experience
---

### Red Hat
> ##### Senior Software Engineer (August 2021 - Currently)Full Remote Madrid (SPAIN)
>
> Helping some partners to adapt their Telco 5G solution to run on top of OpenShift and working on run OpenShift at edge.

### Intelygenz S.A.  
> ##### DevOps for A.I. (June 2018 - July 2021) Madrid (SPAIN)
>
> Intelygenz started an area of A.I. and they needed someone to help with
> the infrastructure in order to allow the Data Scientists training the
> models and also run them in production. I used all my knowledge related
> to automate tasks and manage workload with containers on top of
> Kubernetes. In this period I have learned to configure the NVIDIA GPUs
> for AI training, understand the culture of MLOps and code a bit in
> Golang,
> 
> ##### DevOps Lead (November 2015 - June 2018) Austin TX (U.S.) and Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I moved to the U.S. (Austin, TX) for a year. The most significant project
> was to start from scratch a 100% online bank for small business. Where I
> walked my first steps with Kubernetes, microservices and SRE culture.
> 
> ##### Cloud Computing Manager (August 2013 - November 2015) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> Working at BBVA (spanish bank) as a contractor. The most important
> work there was the deployment of an OpenStack based private cloud.
> Moreover I was involved in a PoC of a 100% cloud based bank.

### Optize Bureau Info S.A. 
> ##### IT Responsible (2004 - August 2013) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I was responsible for the IT infrastructure in the company and the
> manager of the support for the rest of employees. The stack on these
> days was MS Active Directory, MS Exchange, Asterisk PBX, SAP on top of
> HPUX with persistence on Oracle. All the online servers were Apache
> and JBOSS running on Linux and MS SQL Server.

### IP Soluciones S.A. - IT Deusto 
> ##### Security Consultant (2001 - 2004) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> I was part of the operation team, and my principal functions were to
> deploy firewalls, mail relays anti spam, vpns infrastructures, etc. Mostly
> we installed CheckPoint Firewall1, WatchGuard, Cisco routers and Linux
> based solutions for security compliance.

### IP6 Seguridad 
> ##### Operator (2000 - 2001) Madrid (SPAIN)
> 
> My first job as an IT professional. Here I worked with Linux, Cisco
> routers, Solaris, etc.

## Certifications
---
* **CKS** Certified Kubernetes Security (2022)
* **CKA** Certified Kubernetes Administrator (2019)
* **ACSAA** AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate (2017)
* **VCP5** VMware Certified Professional en version 5.0 (2013)
* **ACTC** Apple Certified Technical Coordinator MacOSX 10.7 Lion (2012)
* **ITIL V3** ITIL V3 Foundations (2011)
* **NETASQ**NETASQ Administrator Version 8.0 (2010)
